[Music]
and I'm making it public because I don't understand what
can happen to someone who is
happy with their partner
on vacation I suppose or I don't know what they're doing with their life but to not stop insulting every day the way they do with this hatred and the truth is that it's scary you know it's really scary that there are people like that on Instagram and it's
scary that people question
mental health issues it is because
they see me taking a picture of myself laughing or going
out with my friends it doesn't mean
how you feel inside I think there have
already been enough examples of
people who are thanks to
addicts
well at many moments of the day and they
also feel bad but you
don't show this part obviously because you don't
want to because it's yours and I don't know why
people are so malignant and so
destructive as to be telling
someone look if you're going to have depression
look how you're laughing look if you're
going to have anxiety look how you're
taking a picture I mean of
course I'm hallucinating because to
expect that
before everything that has happened to me  of
this popularity that obviously I did not
choose and I was a person who did not have
these types of comments people did not
say anything to me about this and of course the more
followers the more comments the
more exposure etc etc and I am truly amazed
amazed at the judgments that are made on
Instagram and the judgments that are made
in comments on photos and in messages
simply speaking well if you
were feeling bad I would be committing suicide
hello
really hello with what is happening
right now and with all the examples that we
have of people who have ended up
doing that hello ultimately this
is what I am doing a bit as a reflection
so that we
all reflect on the things that
we write and what we say and please I mean you
cannot play with these issues
that these are very serious issues and
really because it has caught me
well it has caught me as you know I am
going to the psychologist as you know I am on
my pills that help me so
thank God it has caught me well but I
mean what happens to someone who does not
catch them well and this is unbearable it is already
unbearable for me my networks
are  my work also my social networks
I work as you know as a journalist
but I also work thanks to
social networks and the truth is that you have to
put up with certain people doing
certain things or rather it is to
denounce it publicly and so that
people publicly know what they are
doing
and then we take it to our heads with
many things that happen
and the truth is that
those people who are typing and
encouraging that to happen or who are
doing it publicly so that it is
truly a little calm a
little tranquility
and a little solidarity that
solidarity shows us when someone
does something crazy and then we say that a
person was that funny that good
people no no no the solidarity and the
principles of the people are shown that by
not typing things that are very
serious and I tell you this sincerely because I
am a person who has wanted to make
public
all the issues of mental health
because they seem fundamental to me in this
society to make it public the more
people do it the more it will be understood
and there are others who have problems and
do not make it public and I respect it in the
same way but listen or be true
but if someone does not like a
person does not have  why follow her don't
write her don't comment on
her photos don't try to ruin her
life from the moment she gets up in the morning I
mean for me social media is also an
income in my house so I have to
see those things I have to see them I'm just
telling you that really yes just like I have
a lot of support and I thank you from the bottom of my
heart I mean those people who alone
from their words hate
and violence I mean please how can you
be defending one thing and doing
another it's just common sense having
said that I hope to spend a
peaceful and happy Sunday and as you know starting
this week I'm going to tell you a ton
of things that you're going to love you're going to be
happy for me that's it
with this I don't want to
borrow with the social media thing but it
seems to me that it's essential to
denounce it publicly so that
people know what this is I mean it
has to be people having
said that I'm sorry for being so thoughtful
but I appreciate sharing it you know that I
tell you a lot of things and I felt like
sharing it
a kiss
[Music]